README.md, before:


# Flopro WA - Workflow Automation Platform

A Django-based web application that integrates with n8n to provide user-specific workflow automation services.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Standard Django authentication with phone number support
- **Service Management**: Dynamic service catalog with n8n workflow templates
- **Credential Management**: Secure handling of API keys, OAuth tokens, and other credentials
- **Workflow Provisioning**: Automatic duplication of n8n templates with user-specific credentials
- **Service Toggling**: Easy switching between active services
- **n8n Integration**: Full REST API integration with n8n workflow automation platform

## Architecture

### Models

- **Service**: Defines available services (e.g., Budget Tracker, CRM)
  - Links to n8n workflow templates
  - Contains credential schema and node access configuration
- **UserWorkflow**: Maps users to their provisioned n8n workflows and credentials
- **User**: Extended with phone_number field

### Key Components

- **n8n Client** (`core/n8n_client.py`): Handles all n8n REST API interactions
- **Provisioning** (`core/provisioning.py`): Manages workflow duplication and credential injection
- **Views**: Handle user interactions, service unlocking, and dashboard management
- **Templates**: Modern, responsive UI with service-specific forms

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- Django 5.2+
- PostgreSQL (recommended for production) or SQLite (for development)
- n8n instance with REST API enabled
- Virtual environment

### Installation

1. **Clone and setup virtual environment:**
```bash
cd flopro_wa
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

2. **Install dependencies:**
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. **Environment variables:**
Create a `.env` file with:
```bash
# Django settings
DJANGO_SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key-here
DJANGO_DEBUG=True
DJANGO_ALLOWED_HOSTS=localhost,127.0.0.1

# Database (PostgreSQL)
POSTGRES_DB=flopro_wa
POSTGRES_USER=your_db_user
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_db_password
POSTGRES_HOST=localhost
POSTGRES_PORT=5432

# n8n Configuration
N8N_API_BASE_URL=https://your-n8n-instance.com
N8N_API_KEY=your-n8n-api-key
```

4. **Run migrations:**
```bash
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

5. **Load fixtures:**
```bash
python manage.py loaddata core/fixtures/services.json
```

6. **Create superuser:**
```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

7. **Run development server:**
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

## Usage

### For Users

1. **Register/Login**: Use Django's built-in authentication
2. **Browse Services**: View available services on the landing page
3. **Unlock Services**: Click "Unlock Service" and provide required credentials
4. **Manage Workflows**: Use the dashboard to toggle between active services
5. **Monitor**: View active workflows and their status

### For Administrators

1. **Service Management**: Use Django admin to add/edit services
2. **User Management**: Manage users and their workflows
3. **n8n Integration**: Configure n8n templates and credential schemas

## Service Configuration

### Adding a New Service

1. **Create n8n Template**: Design your workflow in n8n and note the workflow ID
2. **Define Credential Schema**: Create JSON schema for required credentials
3. **Configure Node Access**: List n8n node types that need the credential
4. **Add to Django**: Use admin interface or create fixture

Example service configuration:
```json
{
  "slug": "budget-tracker",
  "name": "Budget Tracker",
  "description": "Track expenses with Google Sheets integration",
  "icon": "fas fa-calculator",
  "template_workflow_id": 123,
  "credential_type": "googleOAuth2",
  "credential_ui_schema": {
    "client_id": {"type": "text", "label": "Client ID", "required": true},
    "client_secret": {"type": "password", "label": "Client Secret", "required": true}
  },
  "credential_node_types": ["n8n-nodes-base.googleSheets"]
}
```

## n8n Integration Details

### API Endpoints Used

- `GET /rest/workflows/{id}` - Fetch template workflows
- `POST /rest/workflows` - Create user workflows
- `PATCH /rest/workflows/{id}` - Update workflow status
- `POST /rest/credentials` - Create user credentials
- `POST /rest/workflows/{id}/activate` - Activate workflows

### Authentication

Uses `X-N8N-API-KEY` header for n8n API authentication.

### OAuth2 Flow

For OAuth2 services (like Google Sheets):
1. User provides OAuth credentials through Django form
2. Django creates n8n credential
3. Workflow is provisioned with credential reference
4. n8n handles OAuth authorization flow

## Security Considerations

- **Credential Storage**: Sensitive data is stored in n8n, not Django
- **API Keys**: Use environment variables for n8n credentials
- **HTTPS**: Always use HTTPS in production
- **Permissions**: Implement proper user permissions for service access
- **Rate Limiting**: Consider implementing rate limiting for API calls

## Development

### Project Structure

```
flopro_wa/
├── core/                    # Main app
│   ├── models.py           # Service and UserWorkflow models
│   ├── views.py            # View handlers
│   ├── n8n_client.py       # n8n API client
│   ├── provisioning.py     # Workflow provisioning logic
│   ├── admin.py            # Django admin configuration
│   ├── templates/          # HTML templates
│   └── fixtures/           # Initial data
├── flopro_wa/              # Project settings
├── templates/              # Global templates
├── static/                 # Static files
└── manage.py
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run tests
python manage.py test

# Run specific app tests
python manage.py test core
```

### Deployment

1. **Environment Setup**: Configure production environment variables
2. **Database**: Use PostgreSQL in production
3. **Static Files**: Configure static file serving (nginx/Apache)
4. **n8n Instance**: Ensure n8n is properly configured and accessible
5. **SSL/TLS**: Enable HTTPS
6. **Monitoring**: Set up logging and monitoring

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For support and questions:
- Check the Django documentation
- Review n8n API documentation
- Open an issue on GitHub

---

**Note**: This is a development setup. For production deployment, ensure proper security measures, monitoring, and scalability considerations are in place.

Commit message:

Ensure Ultimate Personal Assistant service is seeded

README.md, after:


# Flopro WA - Workflow Automation Platform

A Django-based web application that integrates with n8n to provide user-specific workflow automation services.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Standard Django authentication with phone number support
- **Service Management**: Dynamic service catalog with n8n workflow templates
- **Credential Management**: Secure handling of API keys, OAuth tokens, and other credentials
- **Workflow Provisioning**: Automatic duplication of n8n templates with user-specific credentials
- **Service Toggling**: Easy switching between active services
- **n8n Integration**: Full REST API integration with n8n workflow automation platform
- **Ultimate Personal Assistant**: AI assistant that connects to Gmail and Google Calendar via Google OAuth2

## Architecture

### Models

- **Service**: Defines available services (e.g., Budget Tracker, CRM)
  - Links to n8n workflow templates
  - Contains credential schema and node access configuration
- **UserWorkflow**: Maps users to their provisioned n8n workflows and credentials
- **User**: Extended with phone_number field

### Key Components

- **n8n Client** (`core/n8n_client.py`): Handles all n8n REST API interactions
- **Provisioning** (`core/provisioning.py`): Manages workflow duplication and credential injection
- **Views**: Handle user interactions, service unlocking, and dashboard management
- **Templates**: Modern, responsive UI with service-specific forms

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- Django 5.2+
- PostgreSQL (recommended for production) or SQLite (for development)
- n8n instance with REST API enabled
- Virtual environment

### Installation

1. **Clone and setup virtual environment:**
```bash
cd flopro_wa
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

2. **Install dependencies:**
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. **Environment variables:**
Create a `.env` file with:
```bash
# Django settings
DJANGO_SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key-here
DJANGO_DEBUG=True
DJANGO_ALLOWED_HOSTS=localhost,127.0.0.1

# Database (PostgreSQL)
POSTGRES_DB=flopro_wa
POSTGRES_USER=your_db_user
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_db_password
POSTGRES_HOST=localhost
POSTGRES_PORT=5432

# n8n Configuration
N8N_API_BASE_URL=https://your-n8n-instance.com
N8N_API_KEY=your-n8n-api-key
```

4. **Run migrations:**
```bash
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

5. **Load fixtures:**
```bash
python manage.py loaddata core/fixtures/services.json
```

6. **Create superuser:**
```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

7. **Run development server:**
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

## Usage

### For Users

1. **Register/Login**: Use Django's built-in authentication
2. **Browse Services**: View available services on the landing page
3. **Unlock Services**: Click "Unlock Service" and provide required credentials
4. **Manage Workflows**: Use the dashboard to toggle between active services
5. **Monitor**: View active workflows and their status

### For Administrators

1. **Service Management**: Use Django admin to add/edit services
2. **User Management**: Manage users and their workflows
3. **n8n Integration**: Configure n8n templates and credential schemas

## Service Configuration

### Adding a New Service

1. **Create n8n Template**: Design your workflow in n8n and note the workflow ID
2. **Define Credential Schema**: Create JSON schema for required credentials
3. **Configure Node Access**: List n8n node types that need the credential
4. **Add to Django**: Use admin interface or create fixture

Example service configuration:
```json
{
  "slug": "budget-tracker",
  "name": "Budget Tracker",
  "description": "Track expenses with Google Sheets integration",
  "icon": "fas fa-calculator",
  "template_workflow_id": 123,
  "credential_type": "googleOAuth2",
  "credential_ui_schema": {
    "client_id": {"type": "text", "label": "Client ID", "required": true},
    "client_secret": {"type": "password", "label": "Client Secret", "required": true}
  },
  "credential_node_types": ["n8n-nodes-base.googleSheets"]
}
```

## n8n Integration Details

### API Endpoints Used

- `GET /rest/workflows/{id}` - Fetch template workflows
- `POST /rest/workflows` - Create user workflows
- `PATCH /rest/workflows/{id}` - Update workflow status
- `POST /rest/credentials` - Create user credentials
- `POST /rest/workflows/{id}/activate` - Activate workflows

### Authentication

Uses `X-N8N-API-KEY` header for n8n API authentication.

### OAuth2 Flow

For OAuth2 services (like Gmail or Google Calendar):
1. User provides OAuth credentials through Django form
2. Django creates n8n credential
3. Workflow is provisioned with credential reference
4. n8n handles OAuth authorization flow

## Security Considerations

- **Credential Storage**: Sensitive data is stored in n8n, not Django
- **API Keys**: Use environment variables for n8n credentials
- **HTTPS**: Always use HTTPS in production
- **Permissions**: Implement proper user permissions for service access
- **Rate Limiting**: Consider implementing rate limiting for API calls

## Development

### Project Structure

```
flopro_wa/
├── core/                    # Main app
│   ├── models.py           # Service and UserWorkflow models
│   ├── views.py            # View handlers
│   ├── n8n_client.py       # n8n API client
│   ├── provisioning.py     # Workflow provisioning logic
│   ├── admin.py            # Django admin configuration
│   ├── templates/          # HTML templates
│   └── fixtures/           # Initial data
├── flopro_wa/              # Project settings
├── templates/              # Global templates
├── static/                 # Static files
└── manage.py
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run tests
python manage.py test

# Run specific app tests
python manage.py test core
```

### Deployment

1. **Environment Setup**: Configure production environment variables
2. **Database**: Use PostgreSQL in production
3. **Static Files**: Configure static file serving (nginx/Apache)
4. **n8n Instance**: Ensure n8n is properly configured and accessible
5. **SSL/TLS**: Enable HTTPS
6. **Monitoring**: Set up logging and monitoring

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For support and questions:
- Check the Django documentation
- Review n8n API documentation
- Open an issue on GitHub

---

**Note**: This is a development setup. For production deployment, ensure proper security measures, monitoring, and scalability considerations are in place.
